TS runner (#819)
nearai/nearai: ts_runner/ts_agent_runner/README.md

Local Development
===

This process will be simplified in the future. For now, you can follow these steps to run your TypeScript agent locally.

1. Make sure you installed [NEAR AI CLI](https://docs.near.ai/agents/quickstart/#installing-near-ai-cli) and you have a named NEAR Account. You can create one with [Meteor Wallet](https://wallet.meteorwallet.app/). No funds are required.
2. Install the dependencies
```shell
cd ts_runner/ts_agent && npm install
```
3. Perform `nearai login` to have a valid NEAR signature in `~/.nearai/config.json`.

4. Update the agent code at `/ts_runner/ts_agent/agents/agent.ts` as you need. Keep the first line as `import {env} from 'ts-agent-runner';` and use methods from the `env` object to use NEAR AI Agent Framework (completions, etc). More methods are coming in the nearest future.

> 5Run the agent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the agent:
```

```shell
npm run build &&  npm run start agents/agent.ts
```

> 6If you want to provide ENV variables, you can provide them as arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If you want to provide ENV variables, you can provide them as arguments:
```
